scripts/hpc/readme.md, before:

# To run the scripts:
- The only relevant hard coded variables and filepaths are in `__directories.sh` and `__utils.py`. Updating these files should be all that's necessary to re-run these scripts.

# Helpful linux commands:
- To combine all the outputs from a single job's worth of outputs or error .out files:
    
    `cd [output or error folder]`
    `JOBID=44848142`
    `cat *"${JOBID}"*".out" > _${JOBID}_combined.txt`

# Helpful SLURM commands:
- The job ID number is recorded in the output and error filenames

sacct -j [job id #] -o jobid,jobname%20,user,partition,state,start,end,NodeList%60
- this is helpful for getting the cluster’s estimate of when a job will start (start command); you can also submit this for completed jobs to get the wall clock time
- This came in handy when trying to balance memory allocation requests (larger requests would cause a longer wait time) and data chunk size (larger chunks would mean faster computing time)

seff [job id #]
- returns job statistics, e.g., CPU and memory efficiency

# Github notes:
- clone specific branch: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/1911109/how-do-i-clone-a-specific-git-branch/7349740#7349740
    - a simple `git pull` while cd'ed into the repo directory will pull any changes made to that branch
- add a repo within a repo
    - https://stackoverflow.com/questions/1811730/how-do-i-work-with-a-git-repository-within-another-repository

Commit message:

including links to globus paths to error folders

scripts/hpc/readme.md, after:

# helful links:
- [globus path to errors folder](https://app.globus.org/file-manager?origin_id=c4d80096-7612-11e7-8b5e-22000b9923ef&origin_path=%2F%7E%2Fproject%2Fquinnlab%2Fdcl3nd%2Fnorfolk%2Fhighres-radar-rainfall-processing%2Fscripts%2Fhpc%2F_script_errors%2F)
- [globus path to local errors folder](https://app.globus.org/file-manager?destination_id=d6980688-1d51-11ec-a47a-a50ad076c282&destination_path=%2FD%2FDropbox%2F_GradSchool%2F_norfolk%2Fhighres-radar-rainfall-processing%2Fscripts%2Fhpc%2F_script_errors%2F)

# To run the scripts:
- The only relevant hard coded variables and filepaths are in `__directories.sh` and `__utils.py`. Updating these files should be all that's necessary to re-run these scripts.

# Helpful linux commands:
- To combine all the outputs from a single job's worth of outputs or error .out files:
    
    `cd [output or error folder]`
    `JOBID=44848142`
    `cat *"${JOBID}"*".out" > _${JOBID}_combined.txt`

# Helpful SLURM commands:
- The job ID number is recorded in the output and error filenames

sacct -j [job id #] -o jobid,jobname%20,user,partition,state,start,end,NodeList%60
- this is helpful for getting the cluster’s estimate of when a job will start (start command); you can also submit this for completed jobs to get the wall clock time
- This came in handy when trying to balance memory allocation requests (larger requests would cause a longer wait time) and data chunk size (larger chunks would mean faster computing time)

seff [job id #]
- returns job statistics, e.g., CPU and memory efficiency

# Github notes:
- clone specific branch: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/1911109/how-do-i-clone-a-specific-git-branch/7349740#7349740
    - a simple `git pull` while cd'ed into the repo directory will pull any changes made to that branch
- add a repo within a repo
    - https://stackoverflow.com/questions/1811730/how-do-i-work-with-a-git-repository-within-another-repository
